STREAMS-1639 - Explain how to use helm parameters properly (#59)
Axway/streams-open-docs: content/en/docs/install/_index.md

Refer to Kubernetes documentation to create [secrets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/secret/).

### Helm parameters management

> There are different ways to manage your custom [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters) and the best way depends on your use case. You can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are different ways to manage your custom [Helm parameters](#helm-parameters), but the best way depends on your use case. You can:
```

> * use `--set key=value` when running the `helm install` or `helm upgrade` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `--set key=value` when running the `helm install` or `helm upgrade` command.
```

    * Example: `helm install <name> <chart> --set key=value`

> * edit `values.yaml` or `values-ha.yaml` files and change any values you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Edit `values.yaml` or `values-ha.yaml` files and change any values you need.
```

> * create a custom values file (e.g. `my-values.yaml`) where you overwrite the parameters you want and pass it to `helm install` or `helm upgrade` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a custom values file (e.g. `my-values.yaml`) where you overwrite the parameters you want and pass it to `helm install` or `helm upgrade` command.
```

    * Example: `helm install -f values.yaml -f values-ha.yaml -f my-values.yaml <name> <chart>`
    * The last `values` file in the command line above will overwrite any conflicting parameter.

> Once your choice is made, we recommend to stick to it so that the [helm chart upgrade](#Upgrade) is easier.

Reviewer 2: link dosen't work. I think it should be :
```suggestion
Once your choice is made, we recommend to stick to it so that the [helm chart upgrade](#upgrade) is easier.
```

Author: fixed

> Once your choice is made, we recommend to stick to it so that the [helm chart upgrade](#upgrade) is easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your choice is made, we recommend you stick to it so that the [helm chart upgrade](#upgrade) is easier.
```

### Kubernetes namespace

> We recommend to deploy Streams components inside a dedicated namespace. To create a namespace, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you deploy Streams components inside a dedicated namespace. To create a namespace, run the following command:
```

* Set `REGISTRY_USERNAME` with your DockerHub account username.

> * set `REGISTRY_PASSWORD` with your DockerHub account password or an [access token](https://hub.docker.com/settings/security) for more security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set `REGISTRY_PASSWORD` with your DockerHub account password or an [access token](https://hub.docker.com/settings/security) for more security.
```

> Finally, to use the secret you just created, you have to set the secret name in the `imagePullSecrets` array. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, to use the secret you just created, set the secret name in the `imagePullSecrets` array. For instance:
```

> Finally, to use the secret you just created, you have to set the secret `name` in the `imagePullSecrets` array. For instance:

Reviewer 2: It's not cleat for me: is the 'name' a variable?

Author: removed formatting to ease understanding

> * add `--set imagePullSecrets[0].name="${REGISTRY_SECRET_NAME}"` in the Helm Chart installation command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `--set imagePullSecrets[0].name="${REGISTRY_SECRET_NAME}"` in the Helm Chart installation command.
```

### MariaDB settings

By default, an embedded MariaDB database is installed on your K8s cluster next to Streams. For production, we recommend that you use an externalized one instead.

> To disable MariaDB installation, you must set `embeddedMariadb.enabled` to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable MariaDB installation, set `embeddedMariadb.enabled` to `false`.
```

mysql -h "${DB_HOST}" -P "${DB_PORT}" -u "${DB_USER}" -p -e "GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE ON ${DB_NAME}.* TO ${DB_STREAMS_USER} REQUIRE SSL;"
```

> Then you must provide information to the Streams installation. You should set the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must now provide information to the Streams installation. Set the following parameters:
```

By default, an embedded Kafka cluster is installed on your K8s cluster next to Streams. For production, we recommend that you use an externalized one instead.

> To disable the Kafka installation, you can set `embeddedKafka.enabled` to `false` in the Helm Chart installation command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable the Kafka installation, set `embeddedKafka.enabled` to `false` in the Helm Chart installation command.
```

Then, according to your choice, configure your [externalized Kafka](#externalized-kafka-configuration) or your [embedded Kafka](#embedded-kafka-configuration).

#### Externalized Kafka configuration

> You must provide information to the Streams installation. You should specify `externalizedKafka.bootstrapServers` in the Helm Chart installation command, for instance (escape the comma!):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide information to the Streams installation. Specify `externalizedKafka.bootstrapServers` in the Helm Chart installation command, for instance (escape the comma!):
```

{{< alert title="Note" >}}
You will be required to specify a hostname. If you do not have one yet, you can use any temporary value and edit it later.

> Throughout this documentation, we are using `k8s.yourdomain.tld` as an _example_ value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout this documentation, `k8s.yourdomain.tld` is used as an _example_ value.
```

> You can change it thanks to `ingress.host` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change it with the `ingress.host` parameter.
```

helm upgrade "${HELM_RELEASE_NAME}" . [-f values.yaml] [-f values-ha.yaml] [--set key=value[,key=value]] -n "${NAMESPACE}"
```

> Be careful, any difference in any of the `values.yaml` files or in the `--set` parameter from the initial installation will be upgraded too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful, any difference in any of the `values.yaml` files or in the `--set` parameter from the initial installation will also be upgraded.
```

So, if you initially installed Streams with `-f values.yaml` or `-f values-ha.yaml`, you have to specify the same parameters for the upgrade.

> Note that, to avoid downtime during the upgrade, it is recommended to have at least `2` replicas of each pod before upgrading the Chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid downtime during the upgrade, it is recommended to have at least `2` replicas of each pod before upgrading the Chart.
```
